# CS-320-Journal
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
-The best way to ensure that my code is functional and secure is just by testing it. Just because it compiles and runs, doesn't mean that the code is actually functional so it's important to actually create test cases so you can see whether or not what you've written functions as intended. Oftentimes you'll write something that you thought was basic, but just made a silly mistake and it functions differently than it's supposed to. Not having an ego when programming, and actually testing your own code thoroughly is what will turn your code from amateur to professional.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
-First understand what the program needs to do and understand the requirements so you know what you're even supposed to make and afterwards comes the user needs. They are essentially just another step of the requirements phase. If 10 users asked for a way to view their profile, then you should probably add a way to view your profile for example. Sometimes a user will ask for something that might seem uselees or redundant, and sometimes a user will ask for something that seems like a really good idea. Both users are users at the end of the day, so their opinions both matter. That doesn't mean that you have to include every single user suggestion, but actually take time to process their requests because they are the ones using your product.

How do I approach designing software?
-I always approach software design, by starting with understanding what needs to be done first. If I was making Amazon, I might think first that I want a website where people can buy products, then be shipped to their homes. I would figure out all the small logistical issues, then when I have everything written out, I would be left with a list of requirements that need to be met. Programming is such a small part of the overall products development since there is so much that needs to go into the planning stage before you even begin writing code. Even once you have all the requirements, I write pseudocode or even make UML diagrams before writing any actual code just to make the process much easier for me once I do write the code.
